Add support for targets yaml file. (#579)
Ostorlab/ostorlab: README.md

ostorlab scan run --install -g agent_group.yaml domain-name example.com
```

* Injection of assets via a yaml file is also supported:

Inject domain name assets `example.com` and `example_2.com`

```shell
ostorlab scan run --install -g agent_group.yaml -a assets_group.yaml
```

```yaml
# file: asset_group.yaml
description: Target group definition
kind: targetGroup
name: master_scan
assets:
  domain:
    - name: "example.com"
    - name: "example_2.com"
```

Inject IOS store assets with the bundle_ids `com.example.app` and `com.example_2.app`

```shell
ostorlab scan run --install -g agent_group.yaml -a assets_group.yaml
```

```yaml
# file: asset_group.yaml
description: Target group definition
kind: targetGroup
name: master_scan
assets:
  iosStore:
    - bundle_id: "com.example.app"
    - bundle_id: "com.example_2.app"
```

Here is a more encompassing example:

```shell
ostorlab scan run --install -g agent_group.yaml -a assets_group.yaml
```

```yaml
# file: asset_group.yaml
description: Target group definition for the NSA
kind: targetGroup
name: master_scan

> assets:

Reviewer: Can you also add `androidAabFile` in this example?

ostorlab scan run --install -g agent_group.yaml domain-name example.com
```

> * Injection of assets via a yaml file is also supported:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Scanning a list of assets is supported using a Yaml asset definition file:
```
